[THEME MUSIC]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: Welcome
back to Cosmic Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And here again with me
is Emery Smith, a friend
of mine for the last 10 years.
I've been leaning on you
for a decade to do this,
and you finally have.
So, thank you, Emery.
And thank you on behalf of all
people in the world who want
freedom and full disclosure.
>>EMERY SMITH: Oh, thanks
for having me, Dave.
>>DAVID: We were actually
driving in the car.
And we were talking about the
bodies that you'd autopsied.
But then you told me something
in the car that I think
sheds some deeper light
on your experience.
And I'd like us to
go into that part
now, even though I think it's
farther along in your career.
But it helps to establish
a fundamental truth, which
is that insiders, typically,
when you get a real one,
they have lots of different,
cool things that they've done.
So, tell us about the Vatican.
>>SMITH: Oh, the
Vatican, yes, yes.
So, a private organization went
to the DOD and the mill labs
I was working at.
And they needed some
technicians and some scientists
to go to the Vatican to
look at their archives,
because they knew that they
had some information on a craft
that was taken in New Mexico.
>>DAVID: So, there
had been a UFO--
>>SMITH: That was shot down.
>>DAVID: Oh.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>DAVID: And it
was a recent one.
>>SMITH: Yes, very recent.
And they took this craft--
>>DAVID: Why would
they shoot it down?
Was it hostile?
Did it do anything bad?
>>SMITH: No, no, no, not at all.
No, it just got too close to
some of the weapons up there
and from what I heard,
from the debriefing.
And I don't know
where it crashed.
I just know where it was at.
>>DAVID: Do we know
anything about what
this craft looked like
or what kind of occupants
they found inside?
>>SMITH: No, there was no
occupants that was mentioned.
But the craft did look
like a tetrahedron.
The best way I could put it
is make a tetrahedron out
of PVC pipes.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yep.
And about eight
feet in diameter.
Yeah, and it has a light
in the middle of it.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: And this was
like a robotic drone?
>>SMITH: It always
stays centered.
It could have been.
But then again, a lot of these
craft are conscious, actually.
And it can-- every now
and then, it'll strobe.
And then it'll
fill up the spaces,
so you can't see through it.
>>DAVID: What will
fill up spaces?
>>SMITH: Like I just said,
it was an empty tetrahedron
made out of PVC pipe.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>SMITH: So, you
could see through it,
and you could see the
light in the middle.
>>DAVID: Oh.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>DAVID: What color
was the orb of light?
Do we know?
>>SMITH: It was blue.
But it was very small,
like probably three inches
in diameter.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: And the tetrahedron
itself was white?
>>SMITH: The outside of it
was like if you made one
with PVC pipe and it was
pure white, it was seamless.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: And if you
got too close to it,
it would actually
fill in a space of--
that you could not see into it.
>>DAVID: But I still don't
know if I understand.
>>SMITH: OK, so, if you
have an empty tetrahedron
that you can see through it.
And we're only talking
about the outside lines, OK?
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: So, you
could see through it,
and you can see this ball.
And if you get too close to
it, it'll actually go solid.
>>DAVID: This
tetrahedron goes solid?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>DAVID: And then what
does it look like?
>>SMITH: It's just white.
It's just white.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah, pure white.
>>DAVID: So, this appears to
have been some kind of drone.
There were no occupants in it.
>>SMITH: There was
no occupants, but it
doesn't mean-- because
that white light could
be some sort of consciousness.
>>DAVID: Or a being, right.
>>SMITH: Or a being.
So, you cannot-- any
time you see light,
you have to think being
first and then go from there.
>>DAVID: So, you're
saying, if I'm
getting this right, that
the Department of Defense
had this craft,
or whatever it is,
get shot down in New Mexico.
And they're drawing a
blank as to what it is
or where it came from.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I don't know
where it was shot down.
I just know it was
stored in New Mexico,
because that's where I was at.
But it was a first of its kind.
So, they had--
>>DAVID: But they have a
very robust idea of what
normally would crash, correct?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: They have
an extensive catalog?
>>SMITH: They have an extensive
collection, I will say.
>>DAVID: OK.
But this skewed the
charts in some way.
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yes, it gave off
different, I guess,
frequencies or something
that they were amazed about.
And it didn't show any
aggression or whatever
after it was shot down.
And it was still
obviously operational.
>>DAVID: And you say that
this craft was in the category
where it appears that
the material itself
is a life form somehow?
>>SMITH: Well, I don't
know about that, because I
wasn't in on that part.
All I know is that ball
on the inside had energy.
So, energy and light
always could mean life.
>>DAVID: OK.
So, what did they decide
to do about this craft?
If they don't know what it
is, they don't know where
it came from, what
kind of resources
can they draw upon
at that point?
>>SMITH: Well, what they
do is they form a team.
And they do a big background
check around the world,
because there's other
catalogs in other countries
and other religions.
And, of course, the Vatican has
always been a huge database.
It has a huge archive of many
things, artifacts and things
they have found
from space and have
collected over many,
many, many, many years.
And they have an underground
base under the Vatican.
So, two scientists and myself
were deployed to that area
to the Vatican to an undisclosed
location in the Vatican.
And we took an elevator down
about seven or eight floors.
And that's how it all started.
We got permission
from the Vatican.
They set it all up.
We're just contractors
going there
to collect any type of
information that would
be similar to this device.
>>DAVID: So, is it
common that there
is interagency cooperation?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Usually for exchange for favors.
>>DAVID: Now, you are an
Air Force veteran, right?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: And we've often
heard from various insiders
that there's an Air Force wing
of the military industrial
complex and a Navy wing.
They broke off
after World War II--
>>SMITH: That's true.
>>DAVID: And they've grown
into these totally separate
industrial complexes.
>>SMITH: That's very true.
>>DAVID: So, would you estimate
that most of your experience is
in the Air Force side, because
that's where you started, or--
>>SMITH: Yeah, for
this particular thing,
I would say so.
But they still work together
when they have questions.
They're not banging heads.
But they do like to keep
their secrets together,
because the more they
can show the government,
the more money they can
get at the end of the year.
So, if I have some
really cool things
that I've collected this year
for this corporation, this mill
lab or Air Force mill lab,
then we get more money.
And so, they don't
always share the secrets
of what they're doing.
But they do always work
together to figure out things
that they can't figure out.
They work always-- they're
very compliant with that.
>>DAVID: So, I think the
military budget, even
on-the-books military
budget, recently
was in the neighborhood
of $864 billion,
the ridiculous $700 toilet
seats and that kind of thing,
and the little
nuts that cost $65.
And so, the idea being
that the military budget
has a lot of room in it for
off balance sheet expenditures.
>>SMITH: That is correct.
You could get a
toilet seat for $700.
And they will go to Home
Depot and buy it for $2.00.
And they'll buy 2,000 of them.
And then the rest of
that money goes where?
>>DAVID: Well, apparently,
you guys are fighting over it
is what you're telling me now.
It's like a healthy--
>>SMITH: It is a competition.
>>DAVID: Competition.
>>SMITH: But from my
experience, I mean,
and I'm not one
of the executives
there by far or their
financial advisors,
but just from what I heard
from some of the higher
upper-class people in
there that they usually
always get about the same.
They're not beating them
by billions of dollars.
And it is actually not billions.
It's trillions.
>>DAVID: Right.
When you encounter
all the other ways
that money is being generated.
>>SMITH: Correct.
>>DAVID: So, if we have
this craft that comes down,
and they don't know what it is,
just in a very general sense
if you can speculate-- and
I understand you might not
have definitive knowledge.
But I'd like your speculations.
It's going to be probably
better than mine.
How often do you think this
kind of stuff is happening?
>>SMITH: Daily.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: Daily?
There's crashes of UFOs daily?
>>SMITH: Well, they may be--
>>DAVID: I would not
have expected that.
>>SMITH: They're
actually identified,
because when we say
UFO, we're thinking--
>>DAVID: Vehicles.
>>SMITH: Vehicles.
But there are a lot of vehicles
that are recovered from space
or shot down from space and then
recovered and brought back too.
And they're not always, of
course, inhabited at all.
And a lot of these things
too, actually, it's
like the Trojan horse.
They want us to
bring this in here,
so we can learn
about good technology
and can reverse
engineer something.
>>DAVID: A positive
Trojan horse.
>>SMITH: Right, a very
possible Trojan horse.
>>DAVID: Not like
an AI infestation--
>>SMITH: No.
>>DAVID: --that swarm
over the planet.
>>SMITH: No, not at all.
So, and that's what it's so
exciting that the scientists do
realize that.
And a lot of the corporations
also learn about that.
The sad part is once
they figure it out,
it's forever for it to
come to the public for us
to use to help make
our lives better.
>>DAVID: All right, I'm
still a little reeling here,
and probably they are too.
Every day?
>>SMITH: Yes, every day.
>>DAVID: Wouldn't
there be people
filming this with their phones?
Wouldn't there be
incident reports and--
>>SMITH: Well, I think there
are a lot of abnormal things
people are seeing on YouTube
and all these things.
And probably 90% of them
are fake disinformation
or fake alien
reproduction vehicles
that they'll fly by just to
make people fearful or whatnot.
So, there is this happening.
But you have to understand,
this doesn't happen usually
over a major city.
These things are usually--
now are being shot down
in XO atmospheric areas
and brought back and then
brought back very carefully
to the surface here.
So, it's not always like
you shoot a jet down.
And you see it streaming
down, and kaboom.
That's very rare.
>>DAVID: So, in a
sense then, if we
could liken this in
some ways to a war,
they are going to be
very meticulous about not
leaving any vehicles
on the battlefield.
>>SMITH: Oh, you will
not see any vehicles
on the battlefield.
No.
>>DAVID: So, whatever
happens, they bring it in--
>>SMITH: It's intentional.
>>DAVID: They take a look.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>DAVID: Right.
So, that would then
mean, I would guess,
that there probably is some
sort of diplomatic relationship
with various ET groups.
And then when people
try to get in and breach
that agreement or that
contract, if you will,
that's when problems arise?
Would you say that's true?
>>SMITH: Yeah, just
like with Eisenhower.
I mean, there was
some nice, good things
happening with the meetings.
There have been many
presidential meetings
with certain ET civilizations.
And I think what happens is just
because the president shakes
hands with an extraterrestrial
doesn't always
mean that the president's
military industrial complex is
also part of that contract.
And that's the problem.
So, we did-- our contract
is void and null now
because of this problem.
>>DAVID: Wow.
So, if you could
again speculate,
and I understand
that this is purely
off the top of your head.
>>SMITH: Sure.
>>DAVID: Or maybe you
have some briefings.
I don't know.
If you're saying that
one a day on the average
is being recovered, that
would be 365 per year.
How many of those
per year might you
think would be
unconventional or otherwise
requiring a deeper
degree of research
for them to understand?
>>SMITH: Well, let
me get one thing.
When I say collecting
one a day, it
could be a piece of equipment.
OK?
It could be an
archaeological find.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Or it could
be something from space
that they have collected.
Or it could be
something we shot down.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: So, those
are the-- when
I say that, that's how
much data we are getting
in on these devices every day.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: So, that's why
it's growing so much
and so much money is
going into these projects,
because it's an unlimited
amount of-- we can't keep up
with what's happening.
So, they're starting
to store these things.
And then certain things,
certain organizations
are buying massive
amounts of satellites
to track these things with
neutrino light detectors
and forming their own ways
of getting this technology as
well, instead of just the
military industrial complex.
>>DAVID: I want to
run something by you.
And it annoys me, OK?
So, this is a question
that I ask out
of some degree of anger.
But it very much
upset me when I was
talking to my insider, Jacob,
where he was describing
the redundancy of technology
that in some cases,
they found so much of a
certain type of technology,
like for example, ruins
on the planet Mars--
just in case we ever
get there in the future,
they've actually bulldozed
over ancient sites
and buried them,
because they feel
like they know what's there.
And they don't want it to
be so easily discovered.
Have you ever heard of
things like that going on?
>>SMITH: I've heard
of things like that
going on here on Earth.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: And I wouldn't
pass it by anyone else
that that's happening
on Mars as well.
>>DAVID: So, do you think then
that the technology that they
have in these secret
programs is so immensely
vast that in a lot of cases
they can bring things in,
and it's not really going to
advance our knowledge that
much?
>>SMITH: It will always,
usually 90% of the time,
advance our knowledge, yes.
I mean, if they bring any
type of equipment, or bodies,
or craft, or whatever it
is, we are still learning.
We are the medieval people
here trying to get a hammer
and a wheel made.
So, all these little
bits and pieces all
still fit together sometimes.
So, you might get a piece today
and a piece two years from now.
And like, here's the
two pieces, great.
And that's why it's
important now--
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: --that a lot of the
military industrial complexes,
and the military, and
the private organizations
are now teaming up for
things they can't figure out,
because they used to work
on projects for maybe five
or 10 years without
asking for help.
It's like the husband
and wife driving around.
And the husband is not
going to ask and stop
for directions whatsoever,
because we're too stubborn.
So, that's where it's at
now, but it's different.
So, they're sharing information.
They're sharing data but very
limitly and very carefully.
>>DAVID: It does seem to me as
if the intellectual capital,
the, if you will, financial
and informational value
of having more skilled
employees working on this stuff,
it would appear that
once we have disclosure
and we can get a lot more,
potentially tens or hundreds
of millions of people more,
working on all this stuff,
that we will quantum leap even
beyond wherever they are now
so much.
That's what I would think.
>>SMITH: Yes.
There's still rules, and laws,
and regulations universally.
But as far as
technologically, we
will overnight transform the
world within like a week.
I mean, you'll be able to 3D
Terraform houses in any place
50 feet above the
Amazon so you're not
destroying the trees.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: It'll be cities
will be put up everywhere.
I know even our government has
contacted me to orchestrate
and architect a special city
here that's self-sustainable,
that's off-grid, has
its own communications,
its own electric,
and all this stuff,
because they're preparing
to do this model everywhere.
>>DAVID: Wow.
Wow.
>>SMITH: And our government
is in full support
of that, especially POTUS.
>>DAVID: This
doesn't make me think
that we have any
overpopulation problem at all.
If you have people who can
become skilled workers,
we want more of them.
We should be colonizing.
We should be going out and
developing inside moons,
developing inside other
planets, and on the surface
of these planets.
We don't need to
get rid of people.
We need more people.
>>SMITH: Right, we will need
more people, because once
the intelligence and all of
this information comes out,
then everyone's going to be
really smart really quick.
So, then people will be training
immediately on this stuff.
And the secret science
behind how to do all of that
will be revealed.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: And as soon as
that's revealed, you're right.
It'll be like taking a
flight from LA to New York,
but to the moon or
Mars to help colonize.
And it'll be that
safe and that easy.
>>DAVID: So, I want to make
sure we get into the Vatican.
You go down this elevator.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: You're on
an invited mission
to try to figure out what the
heck this tetrahedron thing is.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>DAVID: So, what do you see?
First, just tell me what
the elevator looked like.
Anything unusual
about the elevator?
>>SMITH: No, it was a very large
elevator, larger than normal.
You could fit a car in it.
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: Normal
elevator, very clean.
>>DAVID: OK.
Round?
Square?
>>SMITH: It was
square, rectangular.
Yeah.
>>DAVID: So, the doors open.
And what do you see?
>>SMITH: We walk in.
The floor was white.
Walls were white.
It was like a black rail.
>>DAVID: A black rail where?
>>SMITH: There was just like
a black rail around the inside
of the--
like a rail you
could hold on to.
>>DAVID: OK.
On the walls?
>>SMITH: Yeah, on the
walls, about three feet up.
And there was no windows,
no glass, nothing like that.
It was just a normal elevator.
It was very silent.
I didn't know it
actually started moving.
>>DAVID: Oh.
>>SMITH: It was like the most
quietest elevator I've ever--
you usually feel
the little bounce.
There was no bounce.
It was like we were
sitting actually
just talking, whenever we got--
and when the doors
shut, I was like,
is someone going to push
a button or something?
I get antsy, you know?
And all of a sudden, like
in a minute, the doors open.
I was like, what?
Vatican elevator's broken?
>>DAVID: Are you wearing
some kind of uniform
or civvies at this
point, or what?
>>SMITH: I'm wearing
civvies, yeah.
Yeah, civvies, nothing special.
>>DAVID: So, you go in
after the doors open.
What do you see?
>>SMITH: The first
thing I see is
a giant auditorium-type area.
It reminded me-- and I don't
like referring to movies.
But in Harry
Potter's Hogwarts, I
think it was like
the vault system
with all the little
trolls, where you look up
and you see all
these square vaults.
But it was very rustic.
This was spotless clean.
It was beautiful
glass everywhere.
It was just like--
>>DAVID: Oh, my God.
>>SMITH: --these huge
cubicles of glass.
And some were different sizes.
So, it was really neat.
And through these
cubicles of glass
were all these metal
strips and lines.
And then there were
these platforms
about six feet in
diameter that could
travel to any of these things.
And there was no jerky
movements to them.
They just flowed
and then could turn.
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: But only on angles.
They didn't do circles
or anything to whatever.
And there was many people
on these things doing things
with the vaults and looking
through them and doing things.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: But I didn't get to go.
I was only on the first floor.
>>DAVID: So, this is
kind of different.
This is why I want
you to say this
and why I wanted to
do this right now
is the Vatican
library, you think
it's like stacks of
books and bookshelves.
This is very different.
>>SMITH: Well, we're
getting to that,
because we had to walk through
this area to get to that old--
that other stuff you see in
the movies of books everywhere
and things like that.
>>DAVID: But what you're
describing right now
is like straight out
of a sci-fi movie.
It must have been just
breathtakingly incredible.
>>SMITH: It was the
most amazing thing,
one of the most amazing
things I've ever seen--
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: --because
they're-- the glass too,
they keep all this cool
equipment behind this glass.
I'm thinking, that's ridiculous.
Glass can break,
and earthquakes,
and whatever, explosions.
And he's like, oh,
no, that's not glass.
That's metal.
That's a type of metal.
>>DAVID: Wow.
Like transparent aluminum,
maybe, something like that.
>>SMITH: Yeah, well,
he said it's a--
he did.
He just said it was a metal.
It's not glass.
That's what he said.
That's all he said.
He didn't give specifics.
And I wasn't there to
learn about the glass,
even though I wanted to know.
>>DAVID: So, what
was behind the glass?
Let's just be clear about that.
>>SMITH: Many different things.
I mean, there was
equipment back there
that I've never seen before.
Some things looked like weapons.
Something looked like
scrolls but on big plaques,
looked like Plexiglass,
like stacks of them.
And they all had
their own thing.
There's no labeling on the
outside of these doors,
so you know.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: None.
No numbers, no symbols.
It's just a gigantic six
floors of these cubicles.
>>DAVID: Geez.
>>SMITH: Unreal.
And like I said, cubicles there
too were as small as a foot.
And some were as big as 20 feet.
>>DAVID: Was the thing like
a hexagon or like a square?
>>SMITH: It was all square.
>>DAVID: OK, wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah, it
was all square.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah, so
as we were walking,
I did notice some equipment
that looked like giant--
those Dorjes, those
ancient brass things
that they used to hold out.
>>DAVID: In Tibet.
>>SMITH: Yeah, in Tibet.
I noticed they were
in the shape of that.
But they were solid,
and they were luminous.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: And there was
no electrical cords
going to it at all.
>>DAVID: I've always thought
that the double Dorje
thing is some kind of
technology that they just
emulated with these little
sculptures they have.
>>SMITH: Right, but this was
like a really cool, artistic,
modern, ultramodern version.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: It was really neat
with really cool edges on it.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: It was glowing.
And there was no electrical
cords in there or sockets.
It was just there.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: So, and you
have to understand
I wasn't there for that.
So, I can't stop-- this
is not like walking
through the Louvre, of course.
We're on a mission.
And you just keep
your mouth shut.
And we go where
we're going to go,
which we wanted to
go to the archives
to find out about this,
this device, or the ship,
this craft with this light.
>>DAVID: So, what
happened after you
got through this majestic
crystalline auditorium?
>>SMITH: After we
got through that,
there was another double
doors at the bottom.
And they just slid open.
>>DAVID: Like glass doors?
>>SMITH: Mm-hmm, glass doors.
And they just slid open,
just like separated.
>>DAVID: Any noise?
>>SMITH: No noise at all.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: It was very quiet
in there, no echoing, either,
which was weird
for me, because I
thought even like a voice
would echo in this room.
>>DAVID: And when
you saw the people
on those moving platforms,
what were they wearing?
>>SMITH: They were all in white,
like the surgical suits that
are made out of that fabric.
And they had also on their
heads the normal white caps.
They're in a clean suit.
>>DAVID: Clean room.
>>SMITH: Right, but it
wasn't surgically clean.
I think whatever they were
doing, they were all holding
something, and
looking at something,
and looking into the glass.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: So, I don't know
what they were doing at all.
I have no clue.
>>DAVID: And do you think
that there was anything
beyond the first
layer of these cages?
Was there deeper layers
beyond one layer?
Or was it just all
on the surface?
>>SMITH: On the first
floor where I was, I mean,
it just ended.
Some were 10 feet deep.
Some were 30 feet deep.
Like I said, some were
small, like 12-inch cubes.
And some were enormous.
We walked by one that was
at least 20 feet tall.
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>DAVID: Amazing.
>>SMITH: Yeah, it is amazing.
>>DAVID: So, what happens after
these quiet doors open up?
Where do you go next?
>>SMITH: So, now we're in
the main library, I believe.
And there's these giant
cylindrical gas-controlled
tubes that are probably
anywhere from six
to three feet in diameter.
And there's hundreds of them
that go up very, very high.
>>DAVID: You said six to
three feet in diameter?
>>SMITH: Yeah, six to three feet
in diameter, glass, or whatever
metal, glass, or
whatever they call it.
And there's windows
on them that open up.
And it goes up and down.
And they have a
thing that they hold.
And they can scroll up.
And then all those
books go down.
They're all on shelves,
all these books,
and all these tablets.
And they go up and down.
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah, up
and down inside
these cylindrical
columns, which I heard
were vacuumed and gas-controlled
to keep them from getting old.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: And so, they
took us to this place
and went to this one column.
And he just brought it right
up, all these different books
about this particular craft.
And we were able to get
all that information.
>>DAVID: What did
the books look like?
And how old were they?
>>SMITH: Well, it looks like
these books were actually
translated from another
book that someone
wrote, because they said a lot
of this was all translated.
So, it was all perfectly written
and typed, like very new--
just like today, like nothing
fancy at all, to be honest.
It was in binders and
folders and whatnot.
So, it wasn't fancy
or futuristic.
It was just a huge database.
But in many columns I looked
at were very old things,
like leather-looking books.
And I noticed one
had blocks in it.
And I thought they were
blocks, but they were tablets
with information on them.
>>DAVID: Did any of the
leather books have a color
cover, like a bright color?
>>SMITH: Yes, I did
see one that had
many-- like one of the
columns had many colors in it,
and many sizes too.
I saw one shelf
had six-foot books.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah, it
looked like books.
I mean, it was far away,
maybe 30 feet away.
>>DAVID: Well, when
Peterson described his trip
into the Vatican, he said
that a lot of the books were
leather-bound and that they had
buckles on them and that they
bright colors, like a
bright red, bright green--
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yes.
Yes, I saw that, and
it was very thick.
The leather was very thick, and
they did have metal on them.
I've seen a lot of that just
walking to where we had to go.
>>DAVID: So, did you
guys get to take the book
and bring it to a reading area,
like a table or something?
>>SMITH: Yeah, no,
he pulled it out.
And there's tables
everywhere that are
off the ground on pedestals.
And he just laid it out on
this six-foot glass pedestal,
or whatever it was,
glass or not glass.
I'll just call it metal glass.
And he opened it up.
And he is the one who shows us.
We can't touch it, actually.
So, he shows like dah,
dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
And there was also
a translator that
was there, because the
English was not that good.
And there was two other of their
technicians there that upkeep,
like library bookkeepers.
So, that was really
interesting, librarians.
So, the next thing that
happened is they opened it up.
And he just started
scrolling through.
And we were looking at it.
I was looking at it
with the two scientists.
And this is what we wanted.
It was like exactly
what-- so, then
we asked him if he had anything
else that was similar to this.
And he did.
So, then he took
us to another area
and showed us another book.
And they actually had sketches
of the same exact thing--
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: --that was ancient.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: I mean, I don't
know how old it was.
But it was pretty
old, because it
wasn't written on paper,
this giant sketch scroll
that someone, some
monk, had drawn.
And it had a lot
of physics on it.
And it was all in a
different language.
So, we were able to get a
picture of that downloaded.
And we got a copy of that book.
And we escorted
that back to home.
>>DAVID: Did you get a sense
from just what was spoken out
loud or translated as
to what this thing was
or where did it come from,
anything that specific?
>>SMITH: No, because
once I got back,
I was pulled off
of that project.
All I can tell you is it
was, I think, I believe,
an intentional device
that was put here to help.
And then that was it.
I never had part of
that project again.
>>DAVID: When it was in
this foreign language,
and you said it wasn't really
like a book, what was it on?
What did it look like?
>>SMITH: It looked
like wax paper.
Yeah, and it looked like
it was black wax paper.
I think you could maybe as
you wrote on it, whatever
that stuff was would peel off.
So, you could write on it.
It looked like
something like that.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: But I wasn't
able to touch it at all.
But it was the exact
same device, I mean,
the exact same craft.
But it was a lot larger in form.
It was probably 10 times larger
from this person's-- whoever
sketched this, it was 10 times
larger than the one we had.
>>DAVID: So, how do
you think that idea
that we discussed about
people starting to be
trained as disclosure happens?
How do you see that unfolding?
>>SMITH: Well, the first
thing that's going to happen
is everyone's going to
want to know where to go.
I want to be this person.
I want to help.
I want to know how to grow
something overnight, a tomato.
I want to know
about anti-gravity,
how I can make my car float.
So, people are going to
want to know right away.
And it's going to be up to
the government what kind
of information is
going to be released
to the universities and
public, because they're
going to do it correctly.
They are going to do it through
probably universities first.
And hopefully, a lot
of the other scientists
that are out there will pick
up on what they're doing.
And then they'll be
able to live stream it
and have a source way to
get it to the public, where
other people can just
start thinking about it,
because you have to
free-source everything
in order to stimulate the
entire planet into wanting
to do something instead of
holding it in universities
and saying, well, you have
to learn this first, and dah,
dah, dah, dah, dah.
But I think the
education part will also
be a lot easier in
learning this stuff,
because with the advent of all
these new technologies coming
out, also comes out technologies
how to learn faster,
how to take care
of yourself better.
A lot of these things
are daily things
that we do are going
to be much simpler.
>>DAVID: Very cool.
All right, well, thank
you, Emery, for being here.
And I want to thank
you for watching.
This is Cosmic Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
with our special guest, Emery
Smith.
[THEME MUSIC]